Add in ADR's (#127)
Western-Health-Covid19-Collaboration/wh_covid19_app: docs/Architecture/ADR-0003 Use Flutter beta channel.md

> # USe Flutter beta Channel

Reviewer: `Use`

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> There are 3 different versions of flutter that you can build out against: Stable, Beta and Dev.  Each comes with different trade offs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are three different versions of flutter that you can build out: Stable, Beta and Dev. Each version will come with various trade-offs.
```

> Currently there has been a missed stable release, and Beta is required to build iOS correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, there has been a missed stable release, and Beta is required to build iOS correctly.
```
